“Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.” – Martin Fowler
“First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.” – John Johnson
“Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.” – Oscar Wilde
“ In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different” – Coco Chanel
“Java is to JavaScript what car is to Carpet.” – Chris Heilmann
“Knowledge is power.” – Francis Bacon
“Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code.” – Dan Salomon
“Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away.” – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
“Ruby is rubbish! PHP is phpantastic!” – Nikita Popov
“ Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad.” – Cory House
“Fix the cause, not the symptom.” – Steve Maguire
“Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment. “ Kent Beck
“When to use iterative development? You should use iterative development only on projects that you want to succeed.” – Martin Fowler
“Simplicity is the soul of efficiency.” – Austin Freeman
“Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.” – Ralph Johnson
“Make it work, make it right, make it fast.” – Kent Beck
Coding like poetry should be short and concise. ― Santosh Kalwar
It’s not a bug; it’s an undocumented feature. ― Anonymous
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. – John Johnson
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. – Kent Beck
Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares. — Robert C. Martin
Of course, bad code can be cleaned up. But it’s very expensive.” — Robert C. Martin
Programming is the art of algorithm design and the craft of debugging errant code. – Ellen Ullman
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. ― Rick Cook
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ― Martin Fowler
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde
Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth
Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans
No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray
